	As modern civalized society progrsses into the future, the less civilized 
we have become. Though machines may benefit our society and growth, they 
aso have important dra-backs. In rlying on machins as employees, many 
human empoyees suffer negative economic consequences. Robots built entirely
for the purpose of bringing the future of tomorrow into the present of 
today also eliminate oportunities of human to human interactions.
	As the dream of tomorrow's future becomes ever loser, machines have 
become more refined and civilized where as humans have lost the ability 
to display even the most basic courtesy let alone show mutal respect to 
one another. A variety of machines such as self-checkouts can perform 
simple tasks. These usually offer convenience and time to their users, but 
the effect is lost opportunity for the human being to engage in civilized 
interaction. The more these opportunities disappear, the less understanding 
and respect we have for one another. Convenience also is taking on greater 
importance. As machines evolve and we devolve, there seems to be a greater 
push for machines to become more innovative and precise, enabling their 
users to have everything at their finger tips.Smart phones, for example, 
have made it very easy to participate in scial networking which has led 
people to believe they are being more social. But beause interactions 
that require some soul connectionare becoming harder and harder, this 
social networking seems to de-socialize us as peopl.
	Machnes are increasingly popular in the workplace. Though there are 
financial benefits to machine labor, they are restricted to a handful of 
people. And there are no benefits to those who lose their jobs. The increased 
job loss will effect the overall economy, but it wil also create more tension 
between peoplein society and mean more de-socialization. Even though society 
itself has also benefited from advances in technology (from indoor plumbing 
to instant communication), pursuing it too hard leads to an obsession that 
is harming humanity.
	With more and more machines "making our lives easier" and promoting 
"progress," there seems to be a decline of growth in humanity. The role of 
machines should maintain a focus on those that are used to "help" us as a 
whole, not "do" for us as individuals. Though machine have displayed superb 
ability for briging us into the future, the loss of human jobs as well as 
ettiquitt should not be swept aside. Too much of a good thing can in the 
end become bad.
	As you write your code, you shoudl start with psudo-code. It is
imperative that you do your own work, but feel free to discuss with other
students how a word suggestion algorythm would work. Keep it simple.
	You must use an array in your code. I know that there are other
structures available to you, but you shoulduse an array at this time. There
are lots of ways to remove punctuation from the words. Writing your own will
help you learn. Using the internet for ways to do it is fine, as long as you
can clearly explain how it works.
